this is a story of many
teachers
win and climb
The story of the Pauline is a story
it begins in the safe streets in the area
east of são paulo
nor do they generally offer
protection time to grow
11 min helps to create a by far
It's best to know, 1 it's still for me.
gabriel funny girl known as me
up to this day, Professor Rino has
school where grass was never born
hill river was with paulinho knocking on the door
from Paris
bet on him and where the bus and
roulette fit 2 canapes cream with rayane
go with the shovel and just
and there were several not he hit the sane
paulo beat corinthians barueri too
I said there's nothing to you.
It's still not like taking a photo monteiro.
grandson that was the audax that opens the door
for car hanna audax player
team with no great tradition in the city to
go to workouts
Have you tried all the
possibilities of public transport
paulistano counts there at 40 in the morning and
caught up ahead and gave
I got in I got a bus I'd travel more
more
no audax scales to see it from where
see it close to you is a proposal
in lithuania
I've never heard of it before
was what discovered a hostile world was
presented the racism
you are far from your country is far from
your family
and then you will walk in the street you
will walk on street 1 center
hence you see some people limiting
monkeys
some people slash and you look for
fights
so sometimes you think what you are
doing that does not need not need
go through these situations
has moved from lithuania to poland
another club of small expression lloris
and also did not adapt
it was margot reserve was the limit for him
Then where will I turn to my wife?
I did not want to play soccer anymore
His intention was really to stop.
because he was he was very much gone
bearded the wife of paulinho was
pregnant she had more arguments to
convince him not to give up
something else also knows how to do nothing in the
his best football and he decided
changed his mind and this is something
I'm such a dude , man, when I
I want one or not, there's no way
who Timbrell my fight is not today
not always moody but not
I would say prank that was not controlled
by owner Edna she laughed authority to the
football takes plate
The owner was until now the tension
football and get paulo and on time
right in the right place
The game in front of the sofa is ball rolling
everything about soccer
I watched football that live at the bottom of
crisis and if she now wants to leave the
paulinho gave up football
the family was decided including the
The sea is not just the goose I am very father.
He has a new boy boat married.
with owner here when paulinho day 3
months of life's biological father Friar
although and there was no father there he
senses more perfect max and landmarks
Filmed it all there.
if it was like this, all the fire already gives 10
hours in the school of the river to audax where
paulinho restarted in the fourth division
paulista
two years later he arrived at Corinthians
ae
football is like this is good by jorginho cd
It can change very fast right.
Brazilian champion of liberators and
world
Brazilian national team player
of paper
the millionaire english football to ban
Érika only time, but there she said it.
can curse or scream player make the goal
and you speak Dona Érika will be a cup in
home for you
and bar and now accumulates delay and
teacher world Brazil is going
wait a São Paulo more at home
the kospi index otta that the ball rolls in the
world cup
then I'm backing up is l